Listen, I don't know, I wanted to ask you,
when did you decide to
open your channel? And what prompted you now?
Look, I was more of a
Facebook blogger. Yes, I
used to be on VKontakte before the
Internet Era. My father was in
People's Russia of Ukraine.  in principle, I
grew up on different political movements. I
went to these rallies after the collapse of the
Soviet Union. Yes, I remember all of them.
If only there were demonstrations like this when I was still
in the ninth grade, when I was in the ninth grade, when my
father took me in 1996, they went to Kyiv.
from the movement and even other political
forces rallied in front of the Verkhovna Rada
regarding the adoption of the constitution, so then because they were
delaying the adoption of the Constitution. By the
way, I was such a politically active
person
on Facebook. I kept my blog, but it was
partly about the all-Ukrainian scale, or
more, as it were  such a local
urban one. You can say it according to
Khmelnytskyi. In the video, I filmed some of them
, but it was not systematically shorter
work. The channel was there once for four
months, some Andes vidos  swarm I apologize
here they write the sound at 8:10 you
need to add 20 percent Well to equalize they
write to me
at 8:10 now we will add 20%.  the truth is,
let's go
because everyone writes sound sound so that it is
comfortable for the audience Well, of course, that's the
way it is Now is it normal or not?
this
martial law and curfew.
We had a bunch of all these fakes that
put labels there, so in short, if your
phytolamp lights up, it is a
direction for planes to the general staff show.
I just decided to do something like this on
Facebook on the air, I called them
curfew chats and we were on for two hours
at 9 and until 11. I talked
to the audience on my Facebook and
explained to those who wanted to about some Russian fakes of
this action, so in general  about the situation,
then
he tells me to listen, he talked about the roulette chat
Well, I decided to go to the roulette chat, I
recorded and discussed on the airwaves
all kinds of characters like that, so here we are  their
behavior and their births, their fakes,
what are they
throwing at us for 8 years in NATO
laboratories? Oh, and then someone says, damn
it, take YouTube instead of Facebook. I
switched to YouTube and realized that all those
years spent on Facebook were [ __ ],
yes, Facebook from the point of view  the growth of the
audience compared to YouTube is some kind of
[ __ ], just like that, YouTube really gives
you the opportunity to increase your audience,
distribute content, and in principle, if you
watch YouTube, I have been doing it since the end of March.
Well, then.
of my channel and
subscribers Why so? Because here I am,
my main channel, the very first channel, which
normally grew, grew, and then Babah,
it is demolished monetization And I just know
what monetization is demolished. This channel is
no longer interesting.
it does not
earn money and they destroy monetization on it.
Well, it's not about
monetization anymore, it's that they just
don't see this YouTube channel. Well, they do  they don’t
monitor it. They don’t put it in the
recommended ones and I know many bloggers
who decided to lead on mobilized
channels and they, here’s how it was there. Well, there was a certain
amount there three years ago, and it
hangs like that. I open a new channel, it
gains 107,000, and it destroys me again
when
I was teaching in May, my main
audience was my
Facebook audience, which I
put on YouTube and put a video on YouTube, and in April
, I had a video with girls from the
city of Oles, they are the
daughters of tankers and  They told me
how many mushrooms they had in their
city. This video took off very well and was somewhat
shorter. And I got 4,000
hours of views then, and you can see that YouTube
transferred me to some other category and
started spinning somewhere in the recommendations. My
subscription videos went there by 2-3  thousand a
day, I was generally like an elephant, I was
happy, it was damn good, this one
got to 20 thousand quite quickly,
so there it was 1000 a day, and this one went steadily
until
July, because in July the strike came  that's how it
turned out then, like
monetization was taken away and even if the names were not connected,
I managed to get two months of
monetization.
about $2,100 a month.  yes,
minus the taxes when yes. That is, it is from the
point of view of monetization. I did not know that
there are such large types on YouTube, well, monetization can be
collected, if it exists, but the
trick is that when
monetization disappeared, these views immediately disappeared, so
that is, I had it, I taught  I have some even
bad video, it gained 100,000
Elementary, that’s just yes, and now a
cool video can gain 100,000 there
and even higher, that is, it can be seen that it is a completely
different algorithm.
Well, what is the
fault, yes, if you have one channel, there is a
spare one, I will say something, I did it
today, too, I said, I don’t know that, well,
it’s logical. This is completely wrong.
in order not to waste time later, something
will happen to the channel, first of all, secondly
, when you see the backup
channel, first of all, there will be subscriptions much more than
those who already know you
who subscribed to your backup channel and
backup channel uh YouTube really
likes the new channels, I paid
attention to it new channels He throws
your backup channel
into recommended
200 and how did you come to
this, to this life, and I first
started watching, then there was Andriy Poltava,
Andriy Poltava was no longer there, and I
watched. I liked how he trolled,
but I didn't. Well, I wanted it differently,
I wanted it with some arguments. I
saw  that Andrii Poltava came across
People with whom it was possible to communicate
Well, he trolled them anyway, and Well, as
Andrii yes to him, and I decided, I
wanted to do it differently, because if you come across
both of them, you can only troll him, of course. And
if you come across the person who  it is possible to have a
conversation with some kind of reasoned argument, they are
rare, but they appear all
pills, you yourself, well, you know, and I
decided to write it down. Well,
by the way, I then n  Did you know that Andriy
Poltava? I think he was the first, a fact.
Ask your viewers if you know who in
Ukraine was the first to record chat
Roulette. Well, they said that this Oleksiy
Lampova is a kind of person.
Well, when
they say that there is a style in Poltava, Well,
I think it's really cool that we have a bunch
of different bloggers with different styles,
because people. Well, just like a movie.
For example, I don't like melodramas, but I like
some fantasy or adventure
films, so someone  on the contrary, he doesn't
like it, he likes comedies or
melodramas there, and with bloggers, so someone
wants to come and listen to some
Poltava or bairaktar there who
knocks down the orcs there with mats and a person gets from
it from the heart. Well, what do you see?
someone likes how
our girls there rub them,
dominate them, that is, someone likes humor
and that's normal. I think  Yes, the more
bloggers there are, the
better, and in Russia. When I started filming,
and recording and talking with Russians,
I was very surprised. We were
already in Poltava for more than a year. Yes, he was
recording. I had already started for about six months.
there was no blogger in Russia, the
first Russian blogger, no one
knows, well, no one knew, because he is gone now,
maybe someone remembers him, my early
videos of 2017, there was such a blogger, a
smart man, well, no one knows
him, he is from Crimea, they say where he drowned
I didn't drown,
I don't know who he is, he's one of those bloggers. What kind of blogger is he? Well,
how is he, uh, he's
conversational Zhanna, he doesn't talk,
he's trying in a good way to talk about
our Crimea, I had a couple of dialogues with him,
then he disappeared, and then
Gorbovsky appeared here  what kind of [ __ ],
do you know who gave it to him, gave him the Mongol,
I don't know, I didn't know that I had him, and you
didn't even know what kind of trick this is with the
Mongol, Serhii Ivanovich number two gave
him naked, how the Mongol stuck to him,
and I, when there he was  sir  The kid is
very angry that they are all Russians in his
manga, or Russians, or did
you just take Russians? Yes, he
hates me, he hates me.
it's us and
they are there and they want to constantly prove
it, and it turns out so absurd when
you say, dude, look, these are the people who,
I have a few dialogues, such people who
live in the Kyiv Oblast, Zhytomyr,
further there, Poltava, and so on, those
who, let's say, lived in  times there in
Kievan Rus, their ancestors. They are
related to the grid. No, he is in some
Mukhasaransky in Russia type. Here he is.
Rus Rus Rus. If there is such a thing.
Now the memes are gone, you see this copy of
Putin number two who met with them there.
This was where he was with  He
met students in St. Petersburg, he says, and she was there.
He complained to them like that, he complained to them. Well,
this is our land after all.
Crimea, our Crimea is there since such and such a year.
Yes, because this is Crimea, they
roll back to such a year, when there is
Kaliningrad, they refuse in 45, etc.
that in them they cannot stop at a
certain year, that is, if you say such a
year  So let's roll back all the other borders for
such a year, like this type of land. And they don't. This
land is ours from such a year, this is ours from
such everything, it is ours, all of
Galicia. Yes, they have such a thing here, but
we understand that this is just a justification of the
imperial essence, they can I  I think
you have already seen so many of these people, you know that they
can do anything to
justify this. Why do they capture other peoples?
That's all. By the way, I have been asked the question
several times already.
Ask Sergey Ivanovich about whether
Ukrainians should  bloggers to
challenge Russian bloggers, as I challenged
Salmonev, for example. Do you
think we should fight with them?
I think not.
Do you understand that it gives them that they are not criminals?
these
children and well, this is the same as the battles to conduct
some battles during the Third Reich with the
Nazis. Look, you are also the bloggers you
meet in the fourth. You talk to him
like this. And then how is it different
because it is a chat roulette here, a meeting that
Well, it is not Well, how
pre-planned, here we met
as if on the street and chatted the essence of the conversation
, we still analyze it, we admit
that he is the same as us, well, my such a
subjective point of view. Maybe I'm
wrong. Let the viewers, by the way, on my
channel, on your writing
plus, who thinks that
Russian bloggers should do battles, and minus,
if you think that it is not, yes, I wonder how this
audience will be distributed. By the way, if
anyone wants to ask any questions,
I have a post in Telegram.
without light, because the queues are
different and the cities are different,
later
here they write no, but they mostly write no to me,
Viktor Broncha says, well,
he put the pros, uh, they took care of them. That’s it, but
mostly  they say that no, I also have
UAH 200 more. Victory.
Thank you, so I have a question for you.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe I didn't see your answers to
bombed bambas. For 8 years, when I kept
saying that I was from Kherson, when Kherson was liberated,
I say I  from Melitopol Well, you understand,
yes oh And when a rocket arrived in Dnipro
I'm telling the truth, I'm saying I'm from Dnipro, yours
killed ours, well, 46 people, you know
what they answer to me arrest
officer arrest officer aristovych immediately turns me on
about Well, when they say
arrest officer I say  his bad language, do you
think that it is necessary to answer you,
you had something like that in the dialogues when they
arrest the arrestee, what do you say to them, the
trick is that if they say
rearrestee, yes,
when they need to, they recognize the
arrestee's words When they don't need to, they don't
recognize the arrestee's words, yes  well, that is,
if we have to go like this, yes, then
we must admit that Aristovych Russia and the
Russians Everything is telling the truth, that is, but
I do not delve into it, my position is
Who is Arestovych and in
whose capacity did he say this? If, for example, a
person is somewhere on the stream with Fagin,
I am talking about him, he is saying his personal
opinion, which is not at all the position of any
official.
So, two Bukharans gathered here,
tentatively, Feygin and Arestovych,
and he sang to himself something shorter, he was telling a
stream of [ __ ], that is, what is the relationship,
what is the status of the arrestee? None.
so-
and-so. Well, well, they just sit and
think about something, they tell you, and if he
talks, he will say about it, referring to the
fact that he was the spokesman for the president's office
during non-working hours.
yes, and they
admitted no, that's all. I understand, but do
you understand why I don't
like it, because the conversation is about
war crimes and the killing of people
the launch of the missile goes to who is
Aristovych, what did he say and the
whole machine starts, you have to, you have to, what’s the difference?
is the result of the
invasion of the Russian Federation, everything is like
that, that is, there would be no attacks, there would be no
shelling and so on, that is, because
they are like this, when Ukraine shoots,
it means that Ukraine is shooting at civilians. And
when Russia shoots, it means that Russia only shoots at
post-war targets
if they have such a thing, but the point is that
they will justify, you know, they
have to, I noticed why many of them
go to Chat Roulette, especially women,
they have someone, for example, from friends, acquaintances,
relatives, fighting in Ukraine, and they need to somehow
legitimize it for themselves  that's how women come in,
especially in order to answer to themselves
that she has the same husband
there, or a son or nephew, the occupant is not
finished. And here he is doing something like a
blogger  yes, that is, it seems to me
that they come here to legitimize
themselves, by the way, I began to be rude to such and such
creatures, women. Well, I
try to be quite polite, but when they
look in the eyes and say yes, you have
occupied the Donbas for eight years, you killed your peaceful
people and start  меня лекцию I'm already starting
Well, he's a little rude because the
patriot has opened, I don't know you,
Oleksandr Khersonets,
I turn off the sounds I make them
light up if, but the sounds so that they don't
interfere with the conversation there, I'll turn them off Yes,
now I'll turn off the sound on Donats
over Ukraine, it means about the
patriot
earlier on the patriot earlier on the patriot
it was possible to upload a video to
YouTube and give permission to the patrons to
watch it, but YouTube even videos
that are closed in closed access even
on them and some such
and there conversations such that, well, they will 100% demolish
Well, in fact, I began to
lose control of myself with such people, because
many people have already started telling me what you are
saying, and you are talking with  I blame myself for becoming a
pig. Well, there
are the same uh, what do you have to kill
you, and everything is right and everything is
right, then I don’t hold back, and
all these videos are simply shown on the patriot
without bills, without any clippings, without anything.
I’m with the patriot somehow  I was registered in
Patreon, people there even signed up to
16 cartridges now, and in total there
will find 50 dollars a month, but I didn’t
develop it, but honestly, I didn’t
post a single video on Patriot, that is, those people just
signed up if
they did.  I still need
to develop the patriot separately. Well, if someone
subscribes to the patriot, like them, but the
hands do not reach yet, because I managed to get
public access here, so
I’m putting it up now, but I was thinking about Telegram,
because I have other videos that I decided
When the strike arrived, I’m old  some such
dubious
reputations that could also fall
under the hot hand somewhere, I covered them and
think that maybe I will upload them to
Telegram so that people can watch
that is, well, either in Telegram, or yes, or when
you need to post somewhere on another platform
, because you can’t upload large videos there on Telegram.
Yes, Patreon has now allowed
videos to be directly uploaded there,
and I’m directly uploading them there. I
recorded four videos today.
Yes  only one video. It is possible to
clean it up on YouTube, and the others are completely
like that. Well, you communicate, but you
understand that there is such content here that damn
it, or you need to bake 90% of it, because
there are such sensitive conversations, whatever it is,
maybe people  they want to ask something.
Yes, I have you, write like this, write any
questions to Andrii, chestnut, you, our
blogger, too, Andrii writes a chat, you can
write in 24 hours, people don’t have a sole,
because I have this anti-Russian, er, so
I’ll put this one now 5  channel, we
write this so that when the Russians
come in and write there, well, uh, spam, how
did we do that for 24
hours or 3 hours, and now I’ll
put it,
well, I don’t know, it’s probably straight now  you
don't want to do this on the air, someone wants this
dance, some lady who, according to Russian standards,
supports the war and so on, I
suggest that she go eh,
because there is not enough there, why are the Ages
starting to touch each other, and this type-
making,
according to the agreement, you need to fight spiritually
tight side, what are you sitting on? Well,
something needs to be done, well, something needs to be done, and I
suggest, but these videos all also go as a
patriot, because we immediately
start to cry out there, and it begins to be
noticed that there are some such
trends in chat roulette, for example, in the spring
and at the beginning of summer  almost everyone there, the third, the
fourth, screamed a lot, a lot, a lot,
do you remember something like that, and they fell somewhere, but
I haven't heard that much power for
months, 4-5 somewhere, that is, it seems to me
that you know, there are a lot of these, how are people in the
roulette chat  It's not just that they watched the
news and shouted. And they are
working on some kind of method, let's say,
to outline some slogans, doesn't it seem like that to
you or not?
Well, it seems, but you know what I'm a
zoopsychologist  Yes, it seems to me that
when they see the resistance of the Ukrainians and
they see their weakness and They
envy us and they hide, how
do you remember when I was a teenager And
I have an older brother And I didn't have an
older brother I needed it
myself  to defend myself, I was always jealous of
those who had an older brother three years
older who could come and put on the scoreboard
yes yes to protect me or I didn't have
anyone to protect me That's how they have it
now it's psychological it's like that you know they,
just look  What are the Caucasians doing? Well,
what are they doing there in Moscow?
And now they are trying to us somehow. Well, I
don't know a Caucasian, the Caucasians will come,
and they will come, the elder brother will come
and he will order you there, what do I, we are
idiots, we can't do it ourselves?  Well, somehow, well,
now, for one minute, I'm going to reserve
power for a new one. So, now I'm shaking. Do
you tell something interesting to the people?
Rygozhin called
Ghirkin to his chamber, Wagner,
now I will turn on the video audio for you, and he
said in an ultimatum that
Ghirkin is a chatterbox, yes, and if you need
to fight, let him come to him,
Ghirkin Wagner, said that he is such an
ultimatum, he does not accept and it is not clear,
with whom not  will communicate with the beauties, well, it
goes with them there.
I don’t know what to call it, it’s not a dialogue. This is a
real srachnik, and here’s the adventure. I recorded a
video to the bittern. They transferred it to him, as far as I know.
the matter is further, he will invite
this person to Luhansk. There, he will go
to the standard procedure of the Soviet
commanders, only
on the
advice of the
commanders, it is possible to participate in any command review, even in the composition of the detachment.
Twilight gave Slavyansk, tell me
how you took the bad thing from
Akhmetov  in order to escape from him, tell me
how you threw a stand-in for the
bastards and that's all. The rest of the questions are likely.
Life will not end in a flash, but the
questions will be asked without them. There is no way that
he goes to a team where everyone has to cover
up. Well, this person is not
famous for his courage.  with my husband and
my reliability, so there will be questions
if the commander still agrees to put it to him,
and this will only
happen if I say the key word and
you are in charge of the training camp, where
if he starts to slip and we will ask you
more questions and  once again an
opportunity to pretend if
everything goes well that in a month the
second will throw him into hell itself where
he will have to prove his reliability.
He will remain alive. I will shake his hand.
He will try to escape. Move his face.
shooting, if the second
option, come as a normal stormtrooper,
pass the selection as usual th  about my
training as an ordinary stormtrooper and to fight
like an ordinary stormtrooper day after day
feat after feat defends his place as the
commander of the assault group detachment or
other qualifications and opportunity and
authority of the place authority I can honestly
say that among the fighters Chuvakovager you are
almost among all the bosses who are now below the plinth in the
Donbass  they are the city sewers,
so good to complain
Mr. Strelkov Well, I don't know, I do
n't need to comment here, I
really like that they went to [ __ ],
our task is to throw all the Ukrainian bloggers of the
blogosphere and all the viewers,
as they say, add fuel to the fire,
because Russians are all about  they don't want to
talk.
I'm here now, I don't know if you're asking them
questions or not, I'm constantly asking them
whose side you're on, the parishioner
's side or Gerasimov's side, because
Prigoze called Gerasimov by the word p,
and you're like I'm there and so on. Look at
in my opinion, a
classic problem occurs when everything is good  Oh, everyone is
united, when the ship starts to rock,
so the shooters start looking for
victories, and there are not many, but there are many who want to claim
victory. Yes, and they have
an inner kind of menace,
Gerasim, in this Shoiguvtsy against Wagner,
Wagner is now against Strilkov, Strilkov
is one of those deep  they had it. Yes,
they also have a split in them now, with
one wagner, the image of a new Stalin
who will come, put everyone in a bottle, and in short, they
will be in prison, everything will be in good
order.
- very good. I think
that their conflict, from what I
observe in their telegrams
, doesn't have a human solution anymore.
So, that is, most likely,
they are somewhere on this Strelkov's bottle,
or
someone will somehow trick Wagner, which I
don't think either.  Yes. Therefore, it is in our hands.
m absolutely
narco Well, let's add oil to the fire correctly I want to
advise I want to advise all viewers and
citizens of the Russian Federation who are
watching us yes What do you need to
offer bittern he has me now I
thought of what he needs to do we
know that
Putin has already paid attention that the CEC Wagner is
recruiting  popularity and he gave the
sheik a command to allow him to
create his own CEC and some other CECs are being created in
order to reduce the popularity of
Wagner's CEC so that people who want to join the CEC
should have more of them.
things are really good for us,
but bitterkin can get out of this situation
so as not to be out of the economy, they told him that
he can go to another VC that is
subordinate to the sheik, that is, some
podparoslo Ministry of Defense, and
then he will not look like a second. And
he is then there at the front, he  can
impersonate the Wagnerites or leak the
information of the Armed Forces where they are there or
Gerasim himself can leak the information now By the
way  they say that in part they are not trying
to set up the Wagnerites in Soledar and
Bahmut because in Soledar Wagner the eyes are in the
very place where our arta will
iron them out Oh and they are guarded by the paratroopers of
the Solidar movement and mainly ours will iron out the
Plagnerovs who are in Soledar itself You
understand how it is going for us  to the benefit and
maybe it is possible that the
information is already being released. We don't know everything
about the matter. Yes, such chat roulette questions are asked
from the theory. How do you prepare for the broadcast,
and someone also asked How do you
recover after the broadcast? Let
's tell you your version and then I will
also tell you mine.  I, well, look at getting ready for the
broadcast, I’m on chat roulette, it’s
not particularly difficult for me on chat roulette, some news.
For example, there’s a beauty, Gerasima, or
some news, there’s interesting news that
can be discussed, and here’s the information
stream. I need to prepare hard
because two hours of continuous
giving  information actually needs to be
prepared and it is very difficult when,
for example, they turn off the lights to the very
village  trill and you, well, you can’t tune in
to the stream, you have to tune in and it’s
very difficult after the stream, yes, after the stream,
I started walking. Well, not after the stream,
because the
stream.  km, you need to walk because, well,
you need to
get out of the computer state somehow. But again,
headphones, phone and again news,
some
messages say that you just need to
turn on music. I used to
learn English when I went to the war. No, I went to the war.
Well, I taught, but I
included English language courses. I went and
repeated like a monkey, that's why in two
hours. Well, a lot of words, and now
also news, day and night news, news,
well, of course, it's very difficult. Yes, I'm
not. I'm preparing for streams.
Wake me up at night, say there in 5 minutes,
stream, I will bring the stream, but there are streams
that you are the one at the end. I'm just somehow a
little tortured because I chatted a lot
and my eyes sometimes get tired because I usually when I'm
there at the station  Rilmah, you don't blink a lot, because you're
mostly numb there two or two times, yes,
if it's a little bit, maybe your eyes get tired
after that. If you were more.
in the field of service, I also
need it. No, what medicines are you already
taking, three devices, because I also need it. Oh, I
say yes, I always answer. In the evening,
before going to bed, I sit down and watch episodes from the
ZSU. Now, really, I got
hooked on a Magyar. Do you know this Magyar on the channel?  But really
, in the evening he has it as straight as a movie.
Recently, he was there Ninja and
put a plus. Who has seen the videos of the Magyar
there where he is a ninja, they caught up with them Yes, and
hatched, and he and you are watching the plot there.
our creative ones are also suitable, and by the way, with the
Magyar, here is an example, I say this too, this is how a
person gives a great result on the front,
plus correctly presents a media product,
so how much trust do people have in
him  I announced a collection there to collect
300 of these for three thousand boards in my opinion
or how many of these boards are subversive
yes yes 3000 there are 300 hryvnias each
something a million hryvnias
something in 40 minutes they collected a million yes
i.e. People like this result
people see what it is  it works like this, and it’s
actually very, very cool, that is,
if it were, let’s say, the media, it would become like that, and our
media support, in general, they have
some kind of [ __ ].
in this
regard,
I paid attention to their
x Solovyov, they are constantly playing those
videos of the military commissars running after our
boys and handing out trips,
but not all of them,
this video must be on our Telegram channels,
they must be monitoring it,
they must copy it and put it
on  on their Telegram channels to show that the
Ukrainians don't want to fight,
they run after them, and I don't even know
why they are doing this. To be honest, to
to discredit, well, why
do they do it from the point of view of
information? They are
doing it right, just like we did, they
dispersed some things on the streets, they are caught
by the Germans.
they were checking someone and something
there, and on this video
it ends like this. That is, we can't
say that it was the way it was. That's why
it's very difficult here
, just like there are vidos that an
ambulance seems to be approaching and these military men are getting out of
it and there's everything
That is, if the military has
its own ambulance, yes. That is, it also
solves some problems, also drives somewhere. If it were
all shown, the ambulance with which the military left is
dispersed, but the fact is that
for most people, they do not perceive
the information is critical, and they saw it in the ambulance and the
military came out, so that means there
in Ukraine, those Ukrainians, in short, the ax under the
guise of ambulance, well, that is, there are a lot of
people in general  if they don't think about this
and I don't verify some
facts, I also have this, here we partially
dammed Donbas for 8 years, so
now they have started en masse, even
their females are
sitting.  In Donetsk, I
got it. Recently, she won't go
higher, I'm talking. Well, I'm talking, I'm from Kherson.
Yes, why are you attacking my native city? I
left Russia.  so calm, what do you know? Well,
damn, you don't know what this is. And it
really leads out, and they repeat it,
and they believe.
if there was no war, there would be no
shelling of Belgorod. Yes, but it is worse,
I say, you are killing people today, they are
like that, well, yours is also killing ours in
Ukraine, that is, they are legit  they mock
that their soldiers kill here, it's
normal, because ours also kill their
Christians, well, sometimes it seems that
he knows me, he has a very cool phrase
when he said that sometimes I read fairy tales
to the little one at night, sometimes animals are smarter, this is a
fairy tale, that's what it is,
so I don't know  People are writing here that
Andrija is hard to hear again, I can hear a normal
Andria Please write Well, at 8:10 I have already
removed the sound, maybe someone is
catching up with the stream or maybe someone is just catching up or the
old stream, yes, maybe it
means about the end of the war, I
started talking about it  in the summer, I say a new
day, we are at the border, so, well, the Armed Forces will go to the
borders of Ukraine, and what will happen next, and the question is
what to do next in this world.
reformatting of the Russian
Federation, etc., did you communicate with your
viewers, did you discuss these
topics, what do your viewers say, so
look, my position is this at the expense of
this When  Ukraine will enter the borders of
the year 1991. Yes. In fact, this will be a
recorded military defeat of the Russian Federation.
Yes, they will begin in Russia, and
this is how these processes have already begun. There are
private armies, there are armies of the regions, there are armies of the
national republics,
they have
battalions.  Kadyrov Oh, beautiful, this
Strilkov circulation, they will only increase
because they will have to look for the extreme
, that is, to whom to explain Who
screwed up? Well, you can say that Putin
screwed up, and against this background, they
will start to be in trouble, just like in the previous ones,
as well as the task of Ukraine  yes,
my opinion. Do not leave
this empire as Russian as it is, I call it the
third phase of disintegration, the third stage of the
disintegration of the Russian Empire, the first was in the
17th of 1917, the second is 1991, the schedule of the USSR
and now the final one is that only there in the
Russian Federation it  must fall apart
because if we leave this
monster, sooner or later a
new Stalin, a new Brezhnev, a
new Putin, will grow on it  the territory in itself is
imperial, it will generate such
people. Therefore, we must do everything so that
this turmoil accelerates and Russia
falls apart. I
agree completely here. The question is
for Andriy. Why does he not have moderators?
Spain has already been asked 10 times. In
short, I need to add moderators like this.
And what  the orcs are raging there, let them rage a little bit
, I will add some moderators because we
have Ms. Yana, she is the moderator. Ms. Yana is probably busy somewhere right
now
, well, put a bunch of
pluses if you are here. Because someone there is
worried that there are no moderators, it means
about the collapse of the Russian Empire,
completely because here  some are trying
to attack Russia like this. Well, like the liberals,
they are against the war, but they throw such memes at us.
Now there
are such memes that if Russia falls apart, there will be
millions of refugees who will hardly be seen by
anyone and they will start running to Ukraine and to
Europe and
blah blah blah blah  blah blah, but I don't
need to
compare the Russian Federation with
Nazi Germany. I don't agree with that.
completely because Nazi
Germany Hitler came to power at the
expense of revanchism because they lost the
First World War and they came to
power at the expense of revanchism Now the
Russian Federation at the expense of
revanchism is again trying to
repeat the ways of Nazi Germany
Because Putin believes that the dissolution of the Soviet
Union is  the defeat of the Soviet Union, and
now he tried to do revanchism,
but, well, Akila missed, as they say. And
now, if we reach the borders of
1991 and do not do something with
this Federation, then again they will have
revanchism in 10-  For 20 years, we will
transfer the solution of this issue to
our case, and the children to the grandchildren, and this is
very dangerous. That is, if we started
to do it now, then we need to
finish it. By the way, when they say
that Russia will fall apart if there are a lot of
refugees, that is what they still say  And uh, it will be
there 20 countries that have nuclear weapons. I
always give the example of the Soviet Union, the
Soviet Union collapsed and 15 words that
there are a lot of refugees there, no, so there are
15 countries with nuclear weapons, not one, and there is only one thing left:
when
will the Russian Federation disintegrate, and
under the international
supervision of the international community, denuclearization should be
carried out, yes, and
none, if this territory is not
militarized, yes, none  there
won't be such serious military conflicts there
if peacekeepers are introduced and that's
it. This will be the end of it, that's why the Soviet
Union fell apart, on the contrary, it got better. So
earlier, the
Soviet Union took Ukrainians from the
Lithuanians in the Letychiv situation and threw them to
fight there in Hungary, in Czechoslovakia.
So we were the same m'  the way it is now,
there are Buryat Chechens and so on, so
it will only be better for us that it is
told from here, the viewer writes nafig
on meref what And what is happening there, we have
to do our job.
the question is, of course, they
are waiting for us now, and while they are waiting, they are
waiting for us to come and change them  we have
power, but if we write a question with them,
then it will be, well, again, we will
translate the solution to this question to
our children, you need it here. Here is a
very simple analogy. Imagine that you have a
neighbor in this, if it were, an apartment next door,
so he is a drunkard of everyone, if so, and he sometimes
runs out with a knife so he grabs a squirrel
once a week yes He demands with a knife and
runs down the driveway after people yes that is
if you don't pretend and I'm not
interested Let's do my
repair work I'll do the repair here yes if
it's that  One day he will run out and
stab one of your relatives so
simply because he is stupid Yes, the same is true of the
Russian Federation if we do
not Control these processes yes That is,
there will be born again er let's say Here is
this er let's say the tendency to
restore this Russian  empire in whatever forms
it was there in the form of the Soviet
Union and so on, that's why when they say that
Putin is bad there and that Yeltsin was not
bad  and uh, that Khrushchev was
good, so Khrushchev, uh, it turns out
that in Hungary, under Khrushchev, yes,
troops were introduced. If I'm not mistaken, in 1956,
yes, in
1968, when they were introduced into Czechoslovakia, I don't
know if it was Khrushchev. Yes, that's actually
everyone goes to Afghanistan, that one, that is, whoever is
there, anyway, this is the territory
and this is the Empire itself. In order to
maintain itself, it must expand,
if it expands, it begins
to fall apart. Well, it is necessary to collapse it
and end it
here. One more question, 10 minutes.
my point of view remains. I don't know.
Are you following me?
It didn’t work, but I
fundamentally call this structure the
Stalinist patriarchy, because under
Stalin, well, you already know the history, who doesn’t?
Watch the videos, but I have my
point of view that the Stalinist patriarchy is
not  guilty of being in the state of Ukraine, the point of
view of Andriy Luhansky that we should
be following the law because the persecution of the
church will not begin to gather in shacks
there in tents and they will perceive it
as persecution and here is the point of
view that we are divided What is yours  or
your viewers, did you do an analysis, my
position is clear and unequivocal, yes, the RPC
should be banned in Ukraine, yes, without
any appeals, yes, because we must
understand that it is not a church, it is not a
religious organization, yes, it is a branch of the
FSB, just like those Russian political parties
who were there, by the way, they were not
Ukrainian political parties. It was a
branch of the FSB,
that is, we must proceed from
our national interests. This is a matter of survival.
So we cannot play a hybrid
war like that according to the rules of football, for example.
priests, no, you are agents of
foreign influence, and everything is like that, that is, and
quite quickly, if you cut off these if
FSB influences, yes, it will
clear up quite quickly and rel  the healthy situation in
Ukraine and the political one By the way, I was
asked this only to both of us, how do we
relate to Farion
Oh, there is something wrong there, a little bit, a little bit
wrong, because she used to drown under the
communists, then under there, I
really need the help of a specialist,
like me  for some reason it seems so to me, I
personally, too, wrote to myself on Facebook,
in principle, I mostly supported the
option Yes, of course, she is a bit of a
[ __ ], it is not quite pleasant, but she is so
aggressive, if only the image is
not feminine. We are used to the fact that a woman should
be there  there is a crown if this gentle
one is like that, but I will say that the
messages that she promotes, in my opinion,
are mostly absolutely correct. Yes,
we need aggressive Ukrainization.
who in Khmelnytskyi there greeted Glory to
Ukraine Did they walk in embroidered dresses so you
could count on your fingers and it was already
considered that we are for Ukraine but Glory to
Ukraine is already some kind of type  and radicalism radicalism
yes And now every
deputy's face says Glory to
Ukraine and beats himself in the chest, so I
believe that the more radical we will
promote our interests, including
linguistic ones, the more correct it will be in
any case, Farion  A Ukrainian woman from
our camp, we may not share
her methods of approach, but it seems to me that
we should promote you in the same way as Mohylyanka
accepted this Ukrainian language
.  a Russian-speaking city and
everything changed dramatically after the
14th year Yes, radically after
February 24th And now if you used to be in the store
only Well, there were Russian-speaking
sellers, now I have prepared if you
speak in Ukrainian, the seller
I definitely see that he  in Russian I feel
because I see because it was difficult for me
I wish I have many Russianisms
Until now Yes and many when I communicate
I have some so that I don’t have to think for a long time I use
Russian  English words so as not to translate here.
For some people, it is more difficult. Well, in fact,
language practice is needed here too, that is, we
already have you, of course, there are probably
no such problems in your city,
see. The fact is that we have reached this
stage of 15 years there, for example, that's why there  20
I remember I came completely to me, it
turns out that I have a grandmother and grandfather
speak Ukrainian,
yes, I grew up under the Union, I was in 1981, yes,
there was already a Russian-speaking school,
there were already two schools out of 28
Ukrainian-speaking schools, but it was not possible  in Ukraine it's
simple, you are assigned to this school,
you have to be Russian-speaking in it, then in the
fourth grade I was transferred to a
Ukrainian-speaking school, in the fifth grade I
entered the lyceum there,
most of the teachers were even shorter and
chatted in Russian, yes, and actually
mostly among friends I mostly
communicated  I can speak Russian, but
somewhere in the second year, I got
in touch with various nationalist organizations
and became Ukrainianized quite quickly. So
I made the decision that I  I went to
Ukrainian for the first couple of months there, it was
as if there was a break, so it seems to you that you
somehow do not speak correctly, and even then, now
we perceive Ukrainian normally, and
then it was considered that, you know, it was
imposed that if in Ukrainian it is Selyuk,
some kind of  что
Городские speak Russian, yes. But, sir, when they left the village,
they went to the bazaar in Ukrainian, yes,
that is, but it all got adapted quite quickly.
And now, in general, we can
hear Russian in Khmelnytskyi. There is
almost no school.
I have a
problem, for example: Yes, when I communicate
with me, when they communicate with me in
Ukrainian, for example, you are with me now. Yes,
it is easier for me, but when I communicate, when with
me. For example, with Federas. Yes, I can
switch to Ukrainian to communicate with him,
but I  it is already more difficult to
communicate in Russian, it is
much easier for me to communicate in
Russian with one language component.
ізы in English You
won't be able to fully communicate in
Ukrainian, you'll still have to disguise yourself as
an English speaker, well,
English words and they know them,
they still have such a funny trend and
they're still there.
them, this is Nazi, their
essence is to prove that the Ukrainian language is
somehow not like that, and so on, yes, if
I have an answer, this is my favorite
topic, as soon as they tell me about a vacuum cleaner or
about a ball, a rotten old factory. I say the
name of the word Monday in Russian.
Well, because  a Ukrainian understands it the day
after Sunday, after Sunday, Monday Yes,
they don't have Sunday, they don't have Sunday, the week
is Sunday, but yes, they can't
understand, and they have a brain explosion, or
I'm just asking, what is the name of your state in
Russian, avoid it,
Russian Federation, I say stop  stop stop
Russia is Greek
my country is called Ukraine in
Ukrainian it is called Ukraine
dot hover your country in
Russian it is like
they are hiring mekats, and you are telling me about the portrait factory, yes, you don't know what your country is called in your native language, that is, but you know it, it's kind of childish in them, they always want to prove that they have a grudge that they are Rus' and their language is it is right there and ours is wrong, that is, they do not imagine their life without Ukraine because they understand that if they do not smear themselves with our history, with our culture, with our so-called language, then they are nobody, they are incomprehensible, they are so-so. We started there a thousand years ago, that’s all. yes, they are some kind of orcs from the swamps, it is not clear where they came from, and it is not clear who they are, some kind of vinaigrette from different peoples, so after the collapse of the Russian Empire, we need somehow, I don’t know, we need a dispa of philologists, historians, politicians, because the state of Ukraine got involved and this name sounds proud, but we need fasten how the Orthodox Church of Ukraine says Rus-Ukraine, that's how it surprised me back then in the 90s, but now I understand how much it was  dro and competently done Rus-Ukraine In other words, we somehow need to revive this name Rus and anchor this name Rus in some non-state laws, but somehow we need to make it an excuse to raise the issue of discussion in society, but Rus We shouldn't use the word Rus because Rus' is us. It's just that in our country, you know, with this aggression, so now everything that is consonant with Rus, as it is perceived as Russian, as if this one, but I think it should be the same as if from the church, when we win, then everything will be much easier because, let's say, it's already going with the llamas, and with the church, we see with the language in the same Dnipro, if you say that people are already trying to speak Ukrainian, yes, that means this evil is already there yes, he won't take him back. Well, it's changed like that, so everything will be fine. I think so, but if you go back to Chad, you can remember some of your funniest moments in the chat room.
damn it, I’m like that, I’m straight to slush, yes, I
don’t even know, well, I
spoke with the words, for example,
who do you work with, a turner, a
miller, he heard it somewhere, and
then he turned out to be a pickpocket, well, it’s like this
Here Well,
even there, they’re all cool, I’m here,
even here, rarely do people appear who
they really understand, I was talking, and today I was talking, it
’s interesting, you know.
This is really interesting. A person from the
Starolyakov region is Russian. Real
Russian in Moscow showed that Moscow.
Greetings in Ukrainian. I say you are a
Ukrainian from Ukraine. Well, in Russia,
communicate in Ukrainian.
she taught me,
but I'm trying, it's difficult for me.
Then they started saying a couple of times that it's
okay, I'll switch to Russian. Well, in fact, it's
obvious that it's difficult for him, and then it turned out to be
an interesting situation. His wife is from Ukraine.
He supports Ukraine. He's against the
war and he's completely seen
Putin's fascist regime.  and the woman
supports Putin and says everything is correct,
these banderas are those banderas who captured it, it is
necessary to clean it  т этих бендеров вынос Mot, I
really say he has a comrade with whom
he served together there. Yes, he is an officer of
some kind, is he in Kyiv? He is waiting for the Russian peace.
As soon as the Russian comes, he will be a bread of
salt and meet them, and he will meet them.
He is his friend in
Kiev proves that Putin's regime is a
criminal fascist regime, and that one
proves
that the Americans captured it here, too. Well, that's the
kind of pun.
Some of their people appeared, so
they start, I'll show them the toilet too. They
really start using the toilet. There's some
topic that offended them so much that Ukraine made
them look like they steal toilets and they
're just like that. We have a toilet, but
there's no such thing.  maybe they
go and show the point. In short, you say,
Damn, this is the same type of layout, you don’t
like it, he likes it, she says.
that the Ukrainians are
dominant. Yes, nothing will happen to
us. We have a lot of memes. Yes, we have this and uh, and
they don’t have it. By the way, I noticed a lot of
cultural products
.  You don't
have time, listen to oblin, there's something new,
something new, and they have one thing. They could have made a
dragonfly with a flag
as a symbol of the Zetka type.
And what's interesting is that I put it on Patreon because
it's impossible there on YouTube.
Two of these people started slush there. Well, uh
Well, what is forbidden on YouTube is for me,
so I listened and listened And then he started to
include first one song Then another song by
Malyarevsky Malyarevsky you don't
listen to either there or about the Russian song I
can't hear it or I don't know who I
liked Mukharsky
Evgeny Malyarevsky  He has a song about the
destruction of
Russia.  and
well, they were amused by
Yevhen Malyarevsky there, yes, there is his
song about the gun,
and I included it at least briefly.
put the music
on the air, I upload it to the channel, watch the
reaction on YouTube, if the YouTube reaction is
normal, then I put it on the air,
if the reaction says that there is ownership right
there, well, I didn’t put it on,
for example, don’t insert it yet. Yes, this one,
because I haven’t figured it out yet  with those music, give me
everything then it is possible, because there are also
questions about nationalists,
nationalist organizations and some
leaders of nationalist organizations,
I would like to ask, but the conspiracy will not end in 5 minutes.
bloggers, and mine, who
thinks that this is some kind of [ __ ], yes,
put a plus sign if such a
format is interesting, so that we on our streams not only
chat roulette there or some news  Yes
, Ukrainian bloggers used to meet. And
somehow they exchanged opinions, maybe not as
fun as in chat roulette. Yes, but a
live, live conversation is
so periodically. Yes, I have good people. They
write positive things that people
liked. Someone writes. Yes, YouTube. Maybe a
month after the posted video.  I
want to make some kind of presentation, so you know what the
song was. Byraktar, the military recorded it, I
checked it, it lit up green, everything is
fine, I started playing it on the air, and
then he applied for the right to the right of
ownership, yes, two months later, and I
started it from all my videos  cut
that is well Sorry if you want
bloggers to spin your songs because
I have viewers who asked to spin
songs but put it in private I say Well
how do I put it Well when you banned the
use of these songs you understand
thank you thank you for coming together it's actually
quite cool It  not such a drive as
a chat roulette to load someone there Yes, but
you always know this me I love ot live live live
such sincere communication Me with  it is given
Today we have It if it turned out
you can see with light I with darkness Yes but
we hold on and then in two
hours I will be there with light you will be somewhere
without light there in front of the house worms yes
I have half an hour of payments I remind the
viewers of your channel and my channel that
we did not agree. You will be a witness that
we did not agree on what we will
talk about, what topics we will talk about,
what topics are prohibited, which are not prohibited,
you just left impromptu.
So we have the only thing that we have set up, well, we have set up an
explanation, but we have agreed
on what the conversation will be about  we weren't there, tell me
it's simple. And what does anyone think that it has been
decided? People think that we have an agreement there. They
write. I've never even heard of
journalists there in different ways, well,
not because of this blogging activity, but
as they were constantly doing interviews there, let
's go.  We'll ask you a question, if
I don't want it, I don't want it, on the contrary, I'm
interested in it if it's alive, if it's alive,
so it's a live discussion, how do you
prepare it, if everything is n  there, people write
some questions for you to teach, you voice them,
it's live, dynamic, OK, then, we
'll meet again, we'll agree somewhere else,
then we'll meet.